[D365BC] Update docs about unused partner center fields (#86629)
Azure/azure-content: articles/marketplace/dynamics-365-business-central-supplemental-content.md

Indicate which release of Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central your solution targets: **Current**, **Next Major**, or **Next Minor**. This information lets us test your solution appropriately.

> [!NOTE]

> > The target release isn't used anymore during the validation of Business Central solutions and we are working on removing this field from Partner Center. For more information about the release computation during the validation, see [Technical Validation Checklist](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-checklist-submission).

Reviewer: Updating link and future promise:
```suggestion
> The target release isn't used anymore during the validation of Business Central solutions and this field is being removed from Partner Center soon. For more information about the release computation during the validation, see [Technical Validation Checklist](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-checklist-submission).
```

Upload a PDF file that lists your offer's key usage scenarios. All scenarios listed here may be verified by our validation team before we approve your offer for the marketplace.

> [!NOTE]

> > The key usage scenario PDF isn't used anymore during the validation of Business Central solutions and we are working on removing this field from Partner Center. For more information, see [Technical Validation FAQ](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-checklist-submission-faq).

Reviewer: Updating link
```suggestion
> The key usage scenario PDF isn't used anymore during the validation of Business Central solutions and we are working on removing this field from Partner Center. For more information, see [Technical Validation FAQ](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-checklist-submission-faq).
```

Select **Save draft**, then continue with review and publish in **Next steps** below.

> [!NOTE]

> > The test app isn't used anymore during the validation of Business Central solutions and we are currently working on removing this field from Partner Center. For more information, see [Technical Validation FAQ](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-checklist-submission-faq).

Reviewer: Updating link 
```suggestion
> The test app isn't used anymore during the validation of Business Central solutions and we are currently working on removing this field from Partner Center. For more information, see [Technical Validation FAQ](/dynamics365/business-central/dev-itpro/developer/devenv-checklist-submission-faq).
```
